hello everyone making hair again
so my first video well with makeup video
it's going to be about a lego glide gel
liner and you can get these online on
the Elega website they are 5 us each but
where i get them is wonderful world and
I decided to make in my first video
because right now they are in stock and
everywhere that I've checked and I do
think they did restock for Christmas so
go get them while you can you can buy
them on anyone who they have they always
have they always have some but as soon
as they restock they go out of stock
very quickly because they are amazing
they are very very good they are very
creamy very soft they go on so easily it
does say that it's a glide gel liner and
I must say they do keep true to the name
I'm just very impressed that it's so
affordable and they're so good wonderful
world has a few locations are you saying
swatches here I will put it in the
information bar down below I think about
six or seven branches chance Timor does
have two branches by the way and these
are 22 titi dollars so it's a little bit
cheaper than what they sell it for
online but I do you think it's because
this the Salomon bulk are they buy them
in bulk so they probably get like a
discount or something so I have seven
shades and I'm going to show you these
are I'll give you the names but there
are a few that are completely matte but
most of them have like this metallic
frost or sheen to it so but it's that
just makes it all the more gorgeous when
you put it on your eyes because it's so
pretty
and
it's just really good and they're good
quality they last very long if you like
when I'm gonna have to scrub this to
wash it off because it is it's really
good it's pretty waterproof I did go
into saltwater pool and I came off a
little bit easier than it usually would
but generally it's waterproof the
staying power is great so these this is
what it looks like well these are the
ones that I have one is actually my
sister's own she lost the cover so so
that's what it looks like yeah there we
go
okay so this is brown it's just called
Brown and it's in shade gp3 five six
Brown this one here the light will kind
of reflect up there we go that is called
frosted taupe and it's GP three five
seven
that's what it looks like this one is it
actually reminds me of of snake bite
from Urban Decay's Naked 2 palette this
is called deep bronze it is gp3 5/5
this next one is a really gorgeous blue
I loved and when I was in New York for
summer and I was I was loving pairing
this blue and this purple that's the
next one right that's called purple
paradise that is live appearances gp3
six six and mermaid blue is GP three six
four that's what they look like they
absolutely gorgeous the next one I just
got this yesterday actually the one
thing that they that I really I'm upset
about is that when I first saw them I
saw them in the wonderful world in Tuna
Pune I was just there for some reason
and I ventured into the wonderful world
and they had testers but for everyone
they were in this big container and they
had tests for everyone but
then more recently I went to the one in
Trinity and they said they're only
allowed to have one tester and honestly
I don't think that makes sense if they
don't have any testers they should at
least have like a chart that has
searches so you can see what they look
like because this looks pretty dark and
I was like what I really wear this well
they just look too dark on my eyes but
it is a gorgeous teal there it is it's
called gypsy tu GP 362 isn't that's so
beautiful and well this one up here it's
a matte black there is one that is
charcoal let me go I have to get it my
sister had back to go looking all over
for it so I I do have eight to show you
then I forgot about this one this one is
charcoal you can see that that one up
there and it is gp3 5/3 smoky charcoal i
absolutely love these liners if you
don't if you can't afford or you know
you can't really get the Urban Decay
24/7 glide-on pencils I don't have any
of them and they are a bit expensive I
generally don't buy a lot of high-end
makeup products on medium range products
because of the price I am currently just
a gap year student that is not yet
working when I'm older maybe I would get
some of the more expensive ones but that
is definitely something that I save up
for and I don't splurge too much because
there are good things that don't cost
that much example these I absolutely
nothing that affordable very affordable
$22 for one that's a little bit over or
about the same as three u.s. which is
great and they they're really good
quality I mean just look at they have a
great color payoff that's what I love
about them so not only are they high
intensity
they are you know they are just
interesting good I recommend them to
anyone this matte black actually kind of
reminds me of the Avon on the qui glide
gel liner I will be reviewing that in
another video but this does remind me of
that and I think this would be like an
alternative because with Avon you have
to order it from someone and it's kind
of a long process but a lot of people do
order it a lot of things will move on in
China done but I prefer to not depend on
Avon for my products but I do have a few
from them which I will be reviewing in
future I hope this video has been
helpful I will be collecting more as
time goes on but for now these are the
eight that I can show you they have a
lighter blue than this movie blue there
is a green like a white a kind of milky
champagne white also they have some
other colors but I these are just the
ones that I have nothing has been
sponsored here these are just things
that I picture so what may be like that
silly last six months and I just think
these are really great so if you can get
them look at them look at the color
beautiful they are so
go get them if you are looking for a
good eyeliner that is affordable okay
thank you for watching scene see in the
next video bye